---
title: About
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

# How we got here
I was watching YouTube one day and found a channel called "Learn Linux TV" (amazing channel btw) and was sitting there thinking I have two computers (just my RT3200, old PC and Pi at the time) and nothing better to do. Please install Ubuntu on them and see what we can do. From there it evolved into running containers through Docker. Them writing Docker-Compose files. Then learning about Swarm and how I can setup load balancing (and effectively high availability) between the two. Then I messed up, I bought a domain. This was the nail in the coffin. Now that my IP was out there on a hostname I had to ensure I was doing the best practices. I closed all my ports on my RT3200 and decided the Pi would run Nginx Proxy Manager and route all my traffic internally. From there I dove into Traefik which oddly enough lead me to Kubernetes. Once we got comfortable with Kubernetes I was wondering after moving systems many times, "how can I make this easier on me moving forward". The answer was Infrastructure as Code. Ansible was the key to making my life easy. Write it once deploy it a thousand times. Now that I had the code and had the hardware I wanted to get a little networking in. I went and bought the Protectli Vault and slammed pfSense on it. This removed the need for the Proxy Manager on the Pi as Im using HAProxy now to free up the PI (it didn't have much to work with). I then added the managed switch so that I could move away from the RT3200 and still have Ethernet in my lab. Along with that I wanted to seperate my network with VLANs as another layer of security.

## The Future
From here I want to get my hardware in a final revision with official wiki that I can go back and rely on with as much code as possible in GitHub. Once I get that finalized I want to begin heading into Full Stack Engineering (LAMP and stuff) or SRE (devops). Most of my learning has been from [learn-anything.xyz](https://learn-anything.xyz/) and will most likely continue the route of learning by reading/experimenting. I feel like I was relying on YouTube a bit too much and worried about the day there wasn't a video on "x" topic. I am working on becoming better at reading/interpretting developer documentation. Once I have all these things setup and become confident in my knowledge I may end up making a YouTube channel or something to suppliment my wiki for those who wish to learn. 